now I've got a little bit of an
automotive trick I want to show you here
you can hear that squeaking that's my
ball joints they're really really
squeaking so what I'm gonna do is
lubricate them put that white lithium
grease you can see that
yeah
white lithium grease I'm going to show
you real quick out the ends are already
squeaky means they're already bad so I'm
really not too concerned as to what
happens to them see these here these are
greasable ones so they're okay but I'm
pretty sure it's just this drag link
that's right there on the steering motor
and yeah I think that's still I think
that's one that's making all the noise
so what you do is you take your handy
dandy Swiss Army knife and yep poke a
hole in that boot okay then you take
your spray nozzle you stick the straw in
there
so when you get the straw stuck in there
give me Elsie but you squirt all that
stuff in there fill it up with that
juice
make sure you go oh I'm screwing up my
camera here anyways you squirt a lot in
there and I'll get in there real nice
and good and if a little bit of water
gets in well then a little bit of water
gets in it's not really that big it's
not greasable either so we're gonna do
that one hat too so just a small hole
that's all you got to do and you stick
that bad boy in there let's see like a
cell - damn things a bitch to get in
there especially with your head
come on trying to get that strong that a
real bastard huh
I want to go and does it well I'll put
the cable okay well there it is now
watch I'm gonna puff it up oh it's
already got a hole in it that's what the
problem is oh there's another hole maybe
somebody's already done this once wasn't
me I bought this truck about a year ago
alright so that ought to take care of
that side I'm going to go to the other
side and then I'll have the whole
steering arm and drag linkle and yeah
there's the last one and there is no
grease fitting on it so this might be
the one us I think that other one over
there's one that's squeak what anyway
hope the hole in there as you can see
tin
and then we're gonna like it we hit it
that one's got a week in it to function
it is currently why we're damn camera Oh
doesn't like the sunlight anyway there
it is I'm just gonna shoot that full of
this lithium grease and that ought to
stop my squeaks I don't care if a little
bit of oil comes out and then I'll to
take care of that problem now I'm gonna
go up there and start the thing up and
see what that alright that's a quick fix
you took me about five minutes if I have
to take this thing through inspection
and it squeaks it's going to fail so
it's just better off to do that now the
whole joints are going to need to be
replaced sometime soon
maybe this will extend it till fall
instead of right
excuse me instead of right now I'm gonna
go find my glasses
all right okay let's start her up
no more squeaks baby
none at all
you're not that we're good so another
quick redneck repair gone well so now
I'm going to get a fuel tank and get
some fuel on board because I got to go
mow hey the sun's a shine it thanks for
watching